feat(skills): add plan-diataxis-split skill (#3287)
giantswarm/docs: .claude/skills/plan-diataxis-split/SKILL.md

---
name: plan-diataxis-split

> description: For one owner team, turn its mixed-Diátaxis pages (from issue giantswarm/giantswarm#37021) into a concrete single-purpose split plan — classify each page, pin its secondary content, and map every extraction to a target page that has been verified against the corpus as new-vs-existing. Produces the plan; does not edit pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: For one-owner teams, turn their mixed-Diátaxis pages (from issue giantswarm/giantswarm#37021) into a concrete single-purpose split plan — classify each page, pin its secondary content, and map every extraction to a target page that has been verified against the corpus as new vs. existing. Produces the plan; does not edit pages.
```
